The fact that our water-based submarine extended the correct view of the Three-Division Sea
and even appeared in the distance, in the middle of the sea,
and that the U.S. aircraft could not be detected,
proves that the U.S. military, whose responsibility it is,
is also the proof that the defense of the Goshu is just before the collapse
of the Three-Division Sea.
At the end of the third and fifth times,
the U.S. fleet commander, who is responsible for the defeat of the war,
clearly showed his incompetence and incompetence.
As a Goshu man,
he is now deepening his sense of trust in the U.S. military
who is in charge of defending the Goshu.
The highest commander of the Goshu Defense, MacArthur,
proudly declared that he would destroy three Japanese special forces,
but the Shidoni, the first ship of the Goshu,
had to cover his eyes with the fact that he had been attacked and destroyed,
and that he had destroyed only a few Japanese soldiers
along with the special forces,
and that was of no use.
Before he was able to deny the fact that he had been attacked,
he had to prove that the Shidoni people had completely lost trust
in the U.S. military
in the face of the war that had taken place in the Shidoni port.
The U.S. Navy was defeated in the third and fifth times
and the only U.S.
Navy ship, the U.S. Seijo,
was being destroyed one by one in the face of the Japanese warship.
As we know from the Great East Asia War,
the U.S. Navy is not the enemy of the Japanese Navy.
In terms of skill and military power,
it has been unquestionably unquestionable for the past three or five years.
In other words, it has been sent to the early-stage fleet
that would be fought if it was launched and destroyed if it was counterattacked.
Our Prime Minister has made a wide declaration to the world
and the U.S. is being warned of the Japanese front-line disaster,
but the people of the U.S. should now judge this fact calmly and fairly.